Add `v2.3.0-beta.2` `CHANGELOG` (#5439)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
#### Features

#### Bug fixes and improvements

## Mapbox Navigation SDK 2.3.0-beta.2 - February 2, 2022
### Changelog
[Changes between v2.3.0-beta.1 and v2.3.0-beta.2](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/compare/v2.3.0-beta.1...v2.3.0-beta.2)

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- Refactored `Status` class to POJO and decreased its constructor visibility. Introduced `StatusFactory` class for public use. [#5432](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5432)   

> - Fixed an issue where setting a custom `MapboxRouteLineOptions#vanishingRouteLineUpdateIntervalNano` that happened to be longer than the typical rate of `RouteProgress` updates delivered via `mapboxRouteLineApi#updateWithRouteProgress`, the traveled portion of the route wouldn't vanish at all. [#5435](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5435)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where setting a custom `MapboxRouteLineOptions#vanishingRouteLineUpdateIntervalNano` that happened to be longer than the typical rate of `RouteProgress` updates delivered via `mapboxRouteLineApi#updateWithRouteProgress` would result in the traveled portion of the route not vanishing at all. [#5435](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5435)
```

> - Fixed an issue where `MapboxManeuverView` or `MapboxRoadNameView` displayed wrong shield. [#5426](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5426)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where `MapboxManeuverView` or `MapboxRoadNameView` displayed wrong shields. [#5426](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5426)
```
